c:\users\grace.davies\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Doctors.Surgery.MVCClient\Client\bin\Client.dll.config
c:\users\grace.davies\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Doctors.Surgery.MVCClient\Client\bin\Client.dll
c:\users\grace.davies\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Doctors.Surgery.MVCClient\Client\bin\Client.pdb
c:\users\grace.davies\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Doctors.Surgery.MVCClient\Client\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\grace.davies\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Doctors.Surgery.MVCClient\Client\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\grace.davies\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Doctors.Surgery.MVCClient\Client\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\grace.davies\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Doctors.Surgery.MVCClient\Client\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\grace.davies\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Doctors.Surgery.MVCClient\Client\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\grace.davies\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Doctors.Surgery.MVCClient\Client\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\grace.davies\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Doctors.Surgery.MVCClient\Client\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\grace.davies\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Doctors.Surgery.MVCClient\Client\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\grace.davies\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Doctors.Surgery.MVCClient\Client\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\grace.davies\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Doctors.Surgery.MVCClient\Client\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\grace.davies\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Doctors.Surgery.MVCClient\Client\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\grace.davies\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Doctors.Surgery.MVCClient\Client\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\grace.davies\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Doctors.Surgery.MVCClient\Client\obj\Debug\Client.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\grace.davies\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Doctors.Surgery.MVCClient\Client\obj\Debug\Client.dll
c:\users\grace.davies\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Doctors.Surgery.MVCClient\Client\obj\Debug\Client.pdb
c:\users\grace.davies\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Doctors.Surgery.MVCClient\Client\bin\Doctors.Surgery.Contracts.dll
c:\users\grace.davies\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Doctors.Surgery.MVCClient\Client\bin\WebClient.dll
c:\users\grace.davies\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Doctors.Surgery.MVCClient\Client\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\grace.davies\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Doctors.Surgery.MVCClient\Client\bin\WebClient.pdb
c:\users\grace.davies\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Doctors.Surgery.MVCClient\Client\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
